Doc Update for Deploy Status (#1881)
astronomer/docs: astro/create-deployment.md

5. Click **Create Deployment**.

>     A confirmation message appears indicating that the Deployment is in progress. Select the **Deployments** link to go to the **Deployments** page where a pulsating background and the status message **Creating** are used to indicate that Deployment creation is in progress. For more information about possible Deployment health statuses, see [Deployment health](deployment-metrics.md#deployment-health).

Author: @paolaperaza unfortunately, your description is inaccurate. The Deployment detail page doesn't appear when you create a Deployment. Instead, a confirmation message appears indicating Deployment creation has started:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104205257/218739249-84d8db62-9894-48cf-82ca-0a7c59d4e84d.png)

A user **must** select the Deployments link to open the Deployments page. So, it's important that we provide this information so users understand the behavior. Why would we not include this information and describe it accurately? Also, a pulsating background is very obvious and it's important that we describe this functionality so users don't think there is an issue with the application. I would be happy to demonstrate.

I've modified your proposed text for accuracy and style.

5. Click **Create Deployment**.

>      A confirmation message appears indicating that the Deployment is in progress. Select the **Deployments** link to go to the **Deployments** page. The Deployment status is **Creating** and the background pulsates until all underlying components in your Astro cluster are healthy, including the Airflow webserver and scheduler. During this time, the Airflow UI is unavailable and you can't deploy code or modify Deployment settings. When the Deployment is ready, the status changes to **Healthy**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     A confirmation message appears indicating that the Deployment is in progress. Select the **Deployments** link to go to the **Deployments** page. The Deployment status is **Creating** until all underlying components in your Astro cluster are healthy, including the Airflow webserver and scheduler. During this time, the Airflow UI is unavailable and you can't deploy code or modify Deployment settings. When the Deployment is ready, the status changes to **Healthy**.
```
Agree with Paola here that the pulsation is probably too much detail. Let's focus on the status itself.

>      A confirmation message appears indicating that the Deployment is in progress. Select the **Deployments** link to go to the **Deployments** page. The status of your Deployment is **CREATING** and the background pulsates until all underlying components in your Astro cluster are healthy, including the Airflow webserver and scheduler. During this time, the Airflow UI is not available and you cannot deploy code or modify Deployment settings. When the Deployment is ready, the status changes to **HEALTHY**.

Author: ```suggestion
     A confirmation message appears indicating that the Deployment is in progress. Select the **Deployments** link to go to the **Deployments** page. The Deployment status is **Creating** and the background pulsates until all underlying components in your Astro cluster are healthy, including the Airflow webserver and scheduler. During this time, the Airflow UI is unavailable and you can't deploy code or modify Deployment settings. When the Deployment is ready, the status changes to **Healthy**.
```
